To delete a place I want to set dummy places equal to dummy places dot filter the filter method is a
default method available on JavaScript arrays it returns a brand new Array filtered per our function
we pass to filter.
This is a function which all the runs on every element in dummy places.
And if we return true in that function we keep that place in the newly returned array.
If we return false.
We drop it from the newly returned to rate the original arrays never touched.
But since I then overwrite the original array with the newly returned array we updated with our filtered
array.
And here I want to return true for every element but the element which has to I.D. that is encoded here
in our you are L.
So we need to extract that I.D. first place I.D. we get it from request prints dot pit.
And here I return Pete on I.D. unequal place I.D. which means Return true and therefore keep the place.
If I.D. do not match.
If I.D. do match then it is the place I want to remove.
So I will return false which drops to place from the newly returned array and that newly returned to
raid then overrides the old array and that's already it.
This is as simple as deleting a place is with our dummy data at least later of course we'll adjust all
these middleware functions to work with a real database.
Of course we all should send back a response to 100 response.
And while you it's up to you which data you want to attach maybe send a message delete it plays or and
or attach to place you delete it.
You would have to identify it first then I'll not do that here I'll just send back this message.
You could also omit this.
You could also not send back any data like that.
It's up to you.
I will send this message object and now I want to see where it works.
So here in postmen Let's delete that P one place for that.
I'll create a new request with the delete method.
The P locally hosted five thousand slash API slash places slash p 1.
No data needs to be added to the body we can just send it like this like a get request almost and I
get an error assignment to constant variable.
Yep I'm overwriting dummy places here but since this is the first time I'm replacing the entire array
with something new I accidentally still left us to be a constant.
It should be a variable with left so that I am allowed to assign a new value to dummy places and replace
the entire array with a brand new one.
So here I'll go with left and now if we safeties and we simply sent this request again it now works
delete it place it if I now try to find that place.
Indeed I can't find a place 40 provided.
Now again just as with updating and creating if we ever restart the server of course we're back to our
initial state which is that we have that place because at the moment all changes are only done in memory.
Still that's good enough.
We can see that all these routes work and we got our initial rest api set up.
Therefore we have our routes our place roots at least we have our place controllers with the logic to
get places by I.D. or by user I.D. to create a new place to update a place by I.D. and to delete a place
by a D which is already amazing.
Now with that we should also implement some user routes.
We won't really add authentication right now but we can still at least at the roots and add some dummy
logic to them so that later in the course and the authentication module we can simply add D off indication
logic to the already existing routes.
So let's do that as a next step.